on see here I was all ready to come back
and not have anything
work but it's kind of doing
850 parameters should we have here
okay tiny number of
M's mini
batch tiny
pox so this thing runs
at quite slow
SPS interesting
not super confidence inspiring though
either
way I think I want to look at
the J formula
the sum of
Deltas what are these
I was trying to see if there's a way to
make sure that my formula could
Implement J on its own
return where's the value lost the value
loss
return
okay
depending the formula that I would use
for this
maybe it's time to start doing
uh some stuff in here whoops where is it
paper why do they have this with a hat
on it
I start learning RL can I follow you
please create a
structured playlist which people can
follow so these are all these are just
all my Dev streams right these are not
necessarily educational you can
definitely learn stuff cuz this is just
watch RL research happen live but if
you're looking for educational
resources my RL quick start guide and
then like start adding uh like start
building M for puffet these are the two
things and that's outlined there as well
like that guide kind of has everything
you need to get
started this at the moment is me um
trying to come up with uh better
formulations of a new algorithm I'm
working on
here this is delta T
here lowercase delta
It's tricky because their value function
is defined differently
because the value function is a
difference in estimated
right oh no because you look at it
normally This is the End term
so you normally look at it this
way so it's reward minus value
here I think these are actually the same
because the way I have my value function
defined right the way I have my value
function defined um
though maybe we look at the value
function first
cuz right now I'm just training value
function to predict reward
so if I Define uh maybe I just Define
discounted return
what do we think about this as a
um as a
return it's a discounted
it's a variance discounted
okay so now if if we have this can we do
PO with
this or can we do J with this let me see
well value is Sigma representing Sigma
is the uh standard deviation that is
output by the value function because
we've made the value function
variational so the value function
outputs a mean and standard deviation
estimate basically I like there's a
bunch of math here but all I'm trying to
do is I'm trying to replace Lambda and
Gamma with a learned estimate um based
on the confidence of the value function
that is what I'm trying to
I mean the way that they Define this
thing can I not just do this
no you can't because you don't have
gamma but maybe you do have gamma
right maybe you do have
gamma didn't you Define
gamma you did Define
and you Define gamma subt so you don't
need this
discounting what if you just did this
does this make any
gamma Lambda to the
L Sigma V
this is guaranteed to be zero pretty
much
this man I hate
mathematicians maybe not in like pure
math but in CS holy [ __ ] do they make
things confus
using this the worst possible notation
for
this okay because here's the thing this
value function is trained to predict
this isn't
values right and and then if you go to
here
it's just
is so all this is is the difference
between the discounted the discounted
return and your prediction of the
discounted return right
and then for some reason we
exponentially wait again
but the hope is that we delete this
parameter because now we have a learned
leaving got you yeah I'm
ready
yeah all
right I have to go to dinner in a little
bit but I think that we actually hit on
something here here so for the folks on
YouTube let me explain what this is and
why this is so exciting um the key
Advantage estimation here right this is
po this is like probably the most
important algorithm in RL uh the key
Advantage estimation you can kind of
ignore this term because this goes to
zero for long large enough K is this
what is this this is your value function
what is the value function train to
predict a discounted sum of rewards this
is a discounted sum of rewards so all
this Advantage function is is it is the
discounted reward uh discounted reward
sum which is called the return so it is
the return minus your prediction of the
return okay and then they do this mess
to get this additional waiting term on
the different terms of Advantage we
don't care about this because we don't
have the problem that uh we don't have
we can learn a more flexible gamma than
they can
so I think that all we have to do is
take this function right here we
replace gamma t with our learned
estimate for gamma
T which is going to take into account
this is the variance essentially this is
just one over the variance of uh our
prediction
minus a baseline this is essentially
just saying uh how much how much more
confident this is just saying how
confident are we in our prediction
knowing the underlying like how accurate
you're likely to be by guessing so this
is our discount factor
and uh we can Define likewise our return
as a sum over these and then I think we
can just use this original Advantage
function and just predict the discounted
return and I think this actually solves
our
problem what kind of attribution
linking uh it depends what you're using
it for hang on let me check that but
yeah that's why that is so big because I
think that I think that this will let us
replace
J with this um I do have a DM on here
request accept
um let me send you the image I sent to
that
guy where did we send
this copy
[Music]
image I have this Banner you can use
it's a nice
Banner anyways yeah for folks on YouTube
I think what's going to happen is uh
we're going to try this I don't have
time to implement this right now but
this is very quick to implement based on
what we have now and uh I think that
this should allow us to essentially
learn a flexible set of discounting
parameters without having to specify
them which should allow us to improve
over po so right now we're not even
doing this discounting at all we're kind
of just
like we're like doing it element wise or
something I actually have to think about
what the thing we're doing now even does
because it's not that it's like failing
it's still kind of working it's just not
working as well as we would like so I'm
going to this run I'm going to get
dinner um I may be back later tonight
maybe not but sometime in the next few
days we will work on this probably
tomorrow is going to be all day on
stream doing research on uh exploration
methods in RL that's another area that
we are investing in so yeah you can drop
by for that but for folks
watching all my stuff's at puffer
doai start the GitHub to support the
project and otherwise check check out
the Discord can get involved here and
follow me on X for more yes do star the
repo really really helps us when people
start a repo this is the fastest growing
project in reinforcement learning it's
now one of the largest ones as well
based on Stars so yeah this really
helps anyways